Fixes mentions of `contrib` and replaces with `main` (#7066)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: contributing/umbraco-cms/creating-a-pr.md

We understand you have other things to do and can't just drop everything to help us out.

> So if we’re asking for your help to improve the PR we’ll wait for two weeks to give you a fair chance to make changes. We’ll ask for an update if we don’t hear back from you after that time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we’re asking for your help to improve the PR, we’ll wait for two weeks to give you a fair chance to make changes. We’ll ask for an update if we don’t hear back from you after that time.
```

> If we don’t hear back from you for 4 weeks, we’ll close the PR so that it doesn’t just hang around forever. You’re very welcome to re-open it once you have some more time to spend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we don’t hear back from you for 4 weeks, we’ll close the PR so that it doesn’t hang around forever. You’re welcome to reopen it once you have some more time to spend on it.
```
